what is Jenkins?
----------------
1. Jenkins is an open-source automation server widely used for
    continuous integration (CI) and continuous delivery (CD) in software development.
2. It will run on 8080 Port
3. Latest Version: 2.462.1

Key Features of Jenkins:
------------------------
1. Continuous Integration (CI):
2. Continuous Delivery (CD):
3. Plugins:
4. Pipelines:
5. User Interface:
6. Notifications:

Typical Use Cases:
------------------
1. Automated Builds: Jenkins automatically builds the project when changes are detected in the version control system.
2. Automated Testing: Jenkins runs automated tests every time new code is committed, ensuring that the code is stable and functional.
3. Automated Deployments: Jenkins can deploy the application to different environments (e.g., development, staging, production) automatically,
    based on the build and test results.
4. Monitoring and Reporting: Jenkins provides real-time monitoring and reports on the status of builds, tests, and deployments.


what is the prerequisite for install Jenkins software?
------------------------------------------------------
1. Java Development Kit (JDK):
2. Operating System:
3. Hardware Requirements:
4. Web Browser:
5. Network Requirements:

what is the Manage Jenkins?
----------------------------
1. Configure System: (Configure Server)
Description: This section allows you to configure global Jenkins settings, including paths for tools,
locations for various configurations, and general system settings that apply to the entire Jenkins instance.

2. Global Tool Configuration: (Configure Tool)
Description: In this section, you can configure the locations and automatic installers for tools like JDK, Maven, Git, etc., 
which Jenkins uses during the build processes.

3. Manage Plugins:(Add or Install, Update, Remove Plugins)
Description: This feature allows you to manage the plugins installed on Jenkins. You can add new plugins, update existing ones,
remove unnecessary plugins, or disable them as needed to extend Jenkins' functionality.

4. Manage Nodes and Clouds: (Manage Master and Slave Node)
Description: This section is used to manage Jenkins nodes (agents) and cloud settings.
You can add, remove, control, and monitor the nodes where Jenkins jobs are executed.

5. Configure Global Security
Description: In this section, you can secure your Jenkins instance by configuring global security settings,
such as authentication, authorization, and access control. This includes setting up user roles, permissions, and access restrictions.

6. Credentials: (Manage Credentials)
Description: This feature allows you to manage credentials that Jenkins uses to access various systems and tools securely.
You can add, update, and remove credentials here.

7. Credential Providers
Description: This section is used to configure the credential providers and types.
Credential providers are responsible for managing the credentials and making them available to Jenkins jobs.

8. Manage Users
Description: The "Manage Users" section in Jenkins allows administrators to manage user accounts within the Jenkins environment.
Here, you can perform various tasks related to user management, including:
    8.1 Creating New Users: You can add new user accounts to Jenkins, specifying usernames, passwords, and other details.
    8.2 Updating User Information: Modify existing user accounts, such as changing passwords, updating email addresses,
        or editing other personal details.
    8.3 Deleting Users: Remove user accounts that are no longer needed, ensuring that only authorized personnel have access to Jenkins.
    8.4 Assigning Roles and Permissions: Depending on your security configuration, you can assign specific roles and permissions to users,
        defining what actions they are allowed to perform within Jenkins.
    8.5 Managing User Groups (if applicable): In some configurations, you can also manage groups of users, assigning collective permissions
        and roles.


what are the types job in Jenkins?
----------------------------------
1. Freestyle Project
    1.1 Description: The Freestyle project is the most basic and flexible type of Jenkins job. 
        It allows you to define build steps, configure version control, and set up post-build actions. 
        Freestyle projects are suitable for simple automation tasks or straightforward CI/CD pipelines.
    1.2 Use Cases: Basic build jobs, executing shell scripts, triggering other projects, etc.

2. Pipeline
    2.1 Description: A Pipeline project allows you to define your entire build process as code,using a domain-specific language (DSL) based on Groovy. 
        Jenkins Pipeline jobs can be either Declarative or Scripted. 
        Pipelines are ideal for complex workflows and CI/CD pipelines, as they offer more control and flexibility than Freestyle projects.
    2.2 Use Cases: CI/CD pipelines, complex automation workflows, multi-branch pipelines.

3. Multiconfiguration Project (Matrix Project)
    3.1 Description: The Multiconfiguration project, also known as a Matrix project, allows you to run the same set of build steps
        in different configurations, such as multiple environments, operating systems, or tool versions. This is useful for testing
        a codebase across different configurations.
    3.2 Use Cases: Cross-platform builds, testing in multiple environments, running builds with various parameters.

4. Folder
    4.1 Description: A Folder job type is not a build job itself but allows you to organize jobs into a hierarchy.
        You can use folders to group related jobs together, making it easier to manage a large number of projects within Jenkins.   
    4.2 Use Cases: Organizing jobs by team, project, or application.

5. Multibranch Pipeline
    5.1 Description: The Multibranch Pipeline job is designed to handle multiple branches in a repository automatically. 
        Jenkins will scan your version control system (like Git) for branches, and automatically create corresponding Pipeline jobs for each branch.
        This type of job is particularly useful for projects with multiple branches, like feature branches or release branches.
    5.2 Use Cases: Managing builds across multiple branches, handling branch-specific pipelines.

6. Organization Folder


Types of trigger in Jenkins?
----------------------------
1. Build Periodically
    Description: Build periodically if mention specific crontab specific whether changes is there or not doesn't matter jenkins run the pipeline.
    1.1 IMP: whether changes is there or not doesn't matter jenkins run the pipeline.
    1.2 Time-based, using a cron-like syntax to specify when the job should run (e.g., every hour, daily at midnight).
    1.3 example: H/5 * * * * (this is execute every five minutes always)
2. pollSCM
    Description: pollSCM if mention specific crontab specific if changes is there in code then only jenkins run the pipeline.
    2.1 IMP: if changes is there in code then only jenkins run the pipeline.
    2.2 Time-based, using a cron-like syntax to specify when the job should run (e.g., every hour, daily at midnight).
    2.3 example: H/5 * * * * (this is execute every five minutes always)
3. webhook
    Description: when somebody changes done in particular repository webhook trigger the Jenkins pipeline.
    Process:
    1. Jenkins Side
        1.1 Select -> Jenkins job
        1.2 Select -> Configure
        1.3 Choose Build Triggers -> GitHub hook trigger for GITScm polling
        1.4 Click on Save and apply
    
    2. In Github Side
        2.1 Select your repository
        2.2 go to - Settings
        2.3 Select - webhook(in Left Side)
        2.4 Add webhook
        2.5 Add Payload URL - example(http://43.204.227.191:8080/github-webhook/) or (Jenkins URL/github-webhook/)
        2.6 Content Type - Choose -> application/json
        2.7 Select -> Just the push event
        2.8 Checked -> Active
        2.9 Click on Add webhook

How to configure worker or slave in Jenkins?
URL: https://www.coachdevops.com/2022/08/jenkins-build-agent-setup-using-docker.html
YouTube Reference: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHJGYTcLNj0

Jenkins Pipeline Step by Steps:
-------------------------------
1.  A developer makes a code commit into a GitHub repository.
2.  A Git webhook triggers a Jenkins pipeline.
3.  In the first stage of the Jenkins pipeline, we will check out the code.
4.  Perform a build using Maven.
        mvn clean install
5.  Perform unit testing using Maven.
        mvn test
6.  Perform static code analysis using SonarQube.
7.  Check SonarQube Quality Gate
8.  Upload the artifacts into JFrog Artifactory.
9.  Build a Docker image.
10. Scan the Docker image for security vulnerabilities.
11. Push the Docker image to the AWS ECS registry.
12. Update the new image in the Kubernetes manifest file and push it to a different GitHub repository.
13. We have a GitOps tool called ArgoCD, which watches the GitHub repository, 
    picks up the new commit, and deploys it into the Kubernetes cluster.


What is by default Folder or PATH in Jenkins?
1.  Linux:
    /var/lib/jenkins/
2. Windows
    C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins
    C:\ProgramData\Jenkins

and You can store it in Variable : JENKINS_HOME

What is by default Folder or PATH in JAVA?
-------------------------------------------
1.  Linux:
    /usr/lib/jvm/

    OpenJDK via apt (Debian/Ubuntu):
    /usr/lib/jvm/java-<version>-openjdk-amd64/

    Oracle JDK: If you manually install Oracle Java, it’s typically located in:
    /usr/java/

2. Windows
    64-bit Java: C:\Program Files\Java\
    32-bit Java: C:\Program Files (x86)\Java\

and You can store it in Variable : JAVA_HOME

How to backup for Jenkins?
--------------------------
1.  ThinBackup Plugin that helps automate the backup process.
2.  Manual Backup
    tar -cvzf jenkins_backup.tar.gz /var/lib/jenkins/

