what is Bitbucket?
1. Bitbucket is a web-based version control repository hosting service owned by Atlassian.
2. Latest Version: 9.1

Key Features of Jenkins:
1. Version Control:
2. Collaboration:
3. CI/CD Integration:
4. Security:
5. Integration with Atlassian Suite:
6. Deployment and Automation:

What are the Types of Bitbucket?
1. Bitbucket Cloud: Bitbucket Cloud is a SaaS (Software as a Service) solution, hosted and managed by Atlassian on their servers.
2. Bitbucket Data Center: Bitbucket Server is an on-premise solution, meaning it is hosted on your organization's own servers.
3. Bitbucket Server: Bitbucket Data Center is designed for large organizations with high availability and performance needs.

what is the major issue will face while configuration Bitbucket Software?
1. Database Configuration Issues
    1.1 Incorrect Database Configuration
    1.2 Unsupported Database Versions
    1.3 Database Permissions

2. Java Configuration Issues
    2.1 Incorrect Java Version
    2.2 JAVA_HOME Configuration

3. Network and Port Configuration
    3.1 Port Conflicts
    3.2 Firewall Issues

4. Performance and Resource Issues
    4.1 Insufficient Resources
    4.2 Large Repositories

5. Plugin and Integration Issues
    5.1 Incompatible Plugins
    5.3 Integration Failures

what is the prerequisite for install Bitbucket software?
1. Bitbucket Software requires the Oracle JDK or AdoptOpenJDK (now Eclipse Temurin) 11.
2. 64-bit architecture: Jira requires a 64-bit operating system.
3. Database Requirements


How to optimize the Bitbucket application?
1. System Resource Optimization
2. Database Optimization
3. Indexing and Search Optimization
4. Scaling and High Availability
5. Performance Monitoring and Alerts
6. User and Repository Management
7. Plugin Management
8. Regular Maintenance

How to Configuring Bitbucket webhooks to trigger automated Jenkins?
1. Jenkins Side
    1.1 Select -> Jenkins job
    1.2 Select -> Configure
    1.3 Choose Build Triggers -> Build when a changes is pushed to Bitbucket
        override repository URL and paths
        (Your repository URL)
    1.4 Click on Save and apply

2. In Bitbucket Side
    2.1 Select your repository
    2.2 go to - Settings
    2.3 Select - webhook(in Left Side)
    2.4 Add webhook
    2.5 Add Payload URL - example(http://43.204.227.191:8080/bitbucket-hook/) or (Jenkins URL/bitbucket-hook/)
    2.6 Status - Checked -> Active
    2.7 SSL/TLS -> Skip the Verification
    2.8 Event or Repository -> Checked -> Push
    2.9 Click on Save

Visual Workflow
-------------------
Feature branches (from develop) → Merge into develop
Release branches (from develop) → Merge into master and develop
Hotfix branches (from master) → Merge into master and develop




Bugfix branches (from develop or release) → Merge into develop (and release, if applicable)


Base image layer
FROM adoptopenjdk/openjdk11:alpine-jre

Environment variable layer
ARG artifact=target/spring-boot-web.jar

Working directory layer
WORKDIR /opt/app

Copying artifact layer
COPY ${artifact} app.jar

Execute command
ENTRYPOINT ["java","-jar","app.jar"]